Update subscription-disabled.md (#124057)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cost-management-billing/manage/subscription-disabled.md

If you're the Account Administrator or subscription Owner and you canceled a pay-as-you-go subscription, you can reactivate it in the Azure portal.

1. Sign in to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).
1. Go to Subscriptions and then select the canceled subscription.
1. Select **Reactivate**.  
    :::image type="content" source="./media/subscription-disabled/reactivate-sub.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows Confirm reactivation." :::

> For other subscription types (e.g. Enterprise Subscription), [contact support](https://portal.azure.com/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade) to have your subscription reactivated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other subscription types (for example, Enterprise Subscription), [contact support](https://portal.azure.com/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Support/HelpAndSupportBlade) to have your subscription reactivated.
```
